# Privacy Policy <!-- omit in toc -->

Last updated: December 26, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes how NoteEasy AS (along with its affiliated companies - "**the Company**", "**We**", "**Us**" or "**Our**") collects, processes and discloses Your information when You use Our Service. 


# Interpretation and Definitions <!-- omit in toc -->

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- __Application__ refers to NoteEasy, the software program provided by the Company.

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to NoteEasy AS, Hasseldalen 11, 4878 Grimstad.

- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- __Country__ refers to:  Norway

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Service__ refers to the Application or the Website or both.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- __Third-party Social Media Service__ refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __Website__ refers to NoteEasy, accessible from [https://note-easy.com](https://note-easy.com)

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

These are the topics outlined in this Privacy Policy:

- [Collecting and Processing](#collecting-and-processing)
- [Use of Your Personal Data](#use-of-your-personal-data)
- [Disclosure of Your Personal Data](#disclosure-of-your-personal-data)
- [Retention of Your Personal Data](#retention-of-your-personal-data)
- [Transfer of Your Personal Data](#transfer-of-your-personal-data)
- [Delete Your Personal Data](#delete-your-personal-data)
- [Security of Your Personal Data](#security-of-your-personal-data)
- [Children's Privacy](#childrens-privacy)
- [Links to Other Websites](#links-to-other-websites)
- [Data Subject Rights](#data-subject-rights)
- [Changes to this Privacy Policy](#changes-to-this-privacy-policy)
- [Contact Us](#contact-us)


If You wish to use our Services, please read this Privacy Policy and make sure that you fully understand it

You are under no obligation to provide Us with any of your personal data. However, You may do so under Your own free will. If You do not want to provide us with the required data (may be marked as "required" fields on forms), please do not visit or use our Website, Application or Services in general.

Additionally You may be asked for personal data that is "optional" (i.e. "not required" fields in forms). If You do not wish to share this information the Service will still be available to You. However, You may experience a diminished user experience on certain aspects of Our services.

# Collecting and Processing

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name

- Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

- Usage Data



### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.


### Information from Third-Party Social Media Services

The Company allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:

- Google
- Facebook

If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as Your name, Your email address, Your activities or Your contact list associated with that account.

You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the Company through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.


### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- __Web Beacons.__ Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

- __Cookies or Browser Cookies.__ A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless You have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline.

We use Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- __Necessary / Essential Cookies__

	These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

# Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

- __For the performance of a contract:__ the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

- __To contact You:__ To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

- __To provide You__ with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that You have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.

- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

- __For business transfers:__ We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and Your experience. 


# Disclosure of Your Personal Data

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- __With Service Providers:__ We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service or to perform services on our behalf or complementary to Our own. These include third party services, such as: hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, fraud detection, investigation and prevention services, web and mobile analytics, email and communication distribution, monitoring services, session or activity recording services, call recording, analytics and transcription services, event production and hosting services, remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, social and advertising networks, content, lead generating and data enrichment providers, email, voicemails, video conferancing solutions, support and customer relation management systems, third-party customer support providers, and our legal, compliance and financial advisors and auditors. Our Service Providers may have access to personal data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services or other activities, and may only use the data as determined in our agreements with them.

- __For business transfers:__ We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company. If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

- __With Affiliates:__ We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.

- __With business partners:__ We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.

- __With other users:__ when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.


- __Law enforcement:__ Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
  
  - Comply with a legal obligation

  - Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company

  - Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  
  - Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public

  - Protect against legal liability

- __With Your consent__: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

# Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain Your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.


# Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

# Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if You have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows You to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.


# Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.


# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


# Data Subject Rights

If You wish to exercise Your rights under applicable law (including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the EU or UK GDPR) to request access to and/or know about:

- Specific pieces of personal data collected about You 

- Categories of such personal data

- The purpose of collecting said data

- Categories of sources from where the data was collected

- Third parties with which the data may have been shared

- Personal data that has been shared with third parties

You may also exercise Your right to deletion of Your personal data held with the Company, as explained under the section on [deletion](#delete-Your-personal-data). For inquiries (both regarding invokation and questions) regarding Your rights please send an email to daniel.knutsen@outlook.com. Additionally, if You are a subject of either the EU or UK GDPR You may file a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority. 

If You request the exercise of any of Your rights, we may intruct You to: 
- Delete Your profile through the Account management page.

- Provide certain data or Account credentials in order to process the request (i.e. to verify Your identity and association to the related information and Account or to understand the circumstances around the request). Such information is subject to the stipulations provided under the section on [data retention](#retention-of-your-personal-data).


# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


# Data Controller/Processor

Some laws and regulations on data protection (including EU and UK GDPR, along with the CCPA) typically distinguishes between two roles when handling personal data. These are:

- __Data controller ("business" under CCPA)__: Determines which purposes data is processed for, as well as the means of which this is done.

- __Data processor ("service provider" under CCPA)__: Performs the procesing on behalf of the controller (business).

These roles are applied in the following way in our Services:

- __NoteEasy AS is the "data controller"__ when handling the data described under the section regarding [data collection](#types-of-data-collected). The Company will assume the responsibilities of a data controller (up to, but not beyond, the extent apllicable under law), as determined in this Privacy Policy.

- __NoteEasy AS is the "data processor"__ when Account information is edited. You are solely responsible for the data associated with Your Account. NoteEasy AS only assumes responsibility for processing the data on Your instructions. 


# Contact Us

If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: daniel.knutsen@outlook.com
